client-app/docs/app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm/functions/default.md, before:

[**Client App Documentation v0.0.0**](../../../../../../README.md) • **Docs**

***

[Client App Documentation v0.0.0](../../../../../../README.md) / [app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm](../README.md) / default

# Function: default()

> **default**(`props`, `deprecatedLegacyContext`?): `ReactNode`

## Parameters

• **props**: `object`

• **deprecatedLegacyContext?**: `any`

**Deprecated**

**See**

[React Docs](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/legacy-context.html#referencing-context-in-lifecycle-methods)

## Returns

`ReactNode`

The JSX element representing the activity form.

## Component

ActivityForm

## Description

A functional component that renders a form for activity details.

## Remarks

This component uses the Semantic UI React library to create a form layout
for collecting activity details such as title, description, category, date, city, and venue.
It includes input fields and buttons for submitting or canceling the form.
The form state is managed using the `useState` hook, and the `handleInputChange` function updates the form state.
The `handleSubmit` function is used to create or edit the activity when the form is submitted.
The component accesses the `activityStore` from the MobX store context to get the selected activity, createActivity, updateActivity, and loading functions.
The `loadActivity` function is used to load the activity details when the component is mounted.
The `LoadingComponent` is displayed while the activity details are being loaded.
The `useNavigate` hook from `react-router-dom` is used to navigate to the activity details page upon form submission.
The `uuid` library is used to generate a unique ID for new activities.

## Example

Here is an example of how to use the ActivityForm component:
```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Route } from 'react-router-dom';
import { StoreProvider } from './stores/store';
import ActivityForm from './features/activities/form/ActivityForm';

const App = () => (
  <StoreProvider>
    <Router>
      <Route path="/manage/:id?" component={ActivityForm} />
    </Router>
  </StoreProvider>
);

export default App;
```

## Source

[src/app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm.tsx:53](https://github.com/jimmykurian/Reactivities/blob/f9f070aaf98b4106e71d50f160dc9e1dc32565f3/client-app/src/app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm.tsx#L53)

Commit message:

Feat/add formik (#189)
* feat(client-app): implement formik into activityForm component

* docs(client-app): update docs for new formik implementation

client-app/docs/app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm/functions/default.md, after:

[**Client App Documentation v0.0.0**](../../../../../../README.md) • **Docs**

***

[Client App Documentation v0.0.0](../../../../../../README.md) / [app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm](../README.md) / default

# Function: default()

> **default**(`props`, `deprecatedLegacyContext`?): `ReactNode`

## Parameters

• **props**: `object`

• **deprecatedLegacyContext?**: `any`

**Deprecated**

**See**

[React Docs](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/legacy-context.html#referencing-context-in-lifecycle-methods)

## Returns

`ReactNode`

The JSX element representing the activity form.

## Component

ActivityForm

## Description

A functional component that renders a form for activity details using Formik for form management.

## Remarks

This component utilizes the Semantic UI React library and Formik to create a form layout
for collecting activity details such as title, description, category, date, city, and venue.
It includes input fields and buttons for submitting or canceling the form.

- **Form State Management:** The form state is managed using Formik, which simplifies handling form data and validation.
- **Formik Integration:** The `Formik` component initializes the form with `activity` data and handles form submission.
- **Activity Loading:** The component accesses the `activityStore` from the MobX store context to load activity details and manage loading states.
- **Side Effects:** The `useEffect` hook is used to load activity details when the component is mounted, especially if an activity ID is provided via URL parameters using `useParams`.
- **Loading Indicator:** The `LoadingComponent` is displayed while activity details are being loaded.
- **Routing:** The `Link` component from `react-router-dom` is used for navigation, allowing users to cancel and return to the activities list.
- **MobX Integration:** The `observer` higher-order component from `mobx-react-lite` is used to make the component reactive to MobX state changes.
- **Form Submission:** Currently, the `onSubmit` function of Formik logs the form values to the console for debugging purposes. This will be updated to handle creating or updating activities by interacting with the `activityStore`.

## Example

Here is an example of how to use the ActivityForm component:
```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Route } from 'react-router-dom';
import { StoreProvider } from './stores/store';
import ActivityForm from './features/activities/form/ActivityForm';

const App = () => (
  <StoreProvider>
    <Router>
      <Route path="/manage/:id?" component={ActivityForm} />
    </Router>
  </StoreProvider>
);

export default App;
```

## Source

[src/app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm.tsx:55](https://github.com/jimmykurian/Reactivities/blob/dbc3ed866e1f645e56a07b30e597ad4448fbda7a/client-app/src/app/features/activities/form/ActivityForm.tsx#L55)
