client-app/docs/app/layout/App/functions/default.md, before:

[**Client App Documentation v0.0.0**](../../../../README.md) • **Docs**

***

[Client App Documentation v0.0.0](../../../../README.md) / [app/layout/App](../README.md) / default

# Function: default()

> **default**(): `JSX.Element`

The App component serves as the root component for the React application.
It fetches activities from an API, maintains the activities state, and renders the NavBar and ActivityDashboard components.

## Returns

`JSX.Element`

The rendered App component.

## Component

## Remarks

The App component uses the `useEffect` hook to fetch activities from the API when the component mounts.
The `useState` hook is used to manage the activities state.
The component includes the NavBar and ActivityDashboard components for displaying the navigation bar and list of activities, respectively.

## Example

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client';
import App from './App';

ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root')!).render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>,
);
```

## Source

[app/layout/App.tsx:38](https://github.com/jimmykurian/Reactivities/blob/712c332819aee0d175bbdc912703a26a53d9ae5f/client-app/src/app/layout/App.tsx#L38)

Commit message:

docs(client-app): update documentation after updates to selecting an activity

client-app/docs/app/layout/App/functions/default.md, after:

[**Client App Documentation v0.0.0**](../../../../README.md) • **Docs**

***

[Client App Documentation v0.0.0](../../../../README.md) / [app/layout/App](../README.md) / default

# Function: default()

> **default**(): `JSX.Element`

The App component serves as the root component for the React application.
It fetches activities from an API, maintains the activities state, and renders the NavBar and ActivityDashboard components.

## Returns

`JSX.Element`

The rendered App component.

## Component

## Remarks

The App component uses the `useEffect` hook to fetch activities from the API when the component mounts.
The `useState` hook is used to manage the activities state as well as the selected activity state.
The component includes the NavBar and ActivityDashboard components for displaying the navigation bar and list of activities, respectively.
The `handleSelectActivity` and `handleCancelSelectActivity` functions are used to manage the selected activity state.

## Example

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client';
import App from './App';

ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root')!).render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>,
);
```

## Source

[app/layout/App.tsx:39](https://github.com/jimmykurian/Reactivities/blob/a434653d2775e48b1e9101040f63634644bb62b7/client-app/src/app/layout/App.tsx#L39)
